# Data-Analyst-Portfolio

This repository contains my portfolio which is based on projects that I've completed for self learning and hobby purposes. The projects are selected based on topics that interest me in combination with coding skills that I want to develop. 

## Projects
### [Youtube Channel Analysis](https://github.com/spyrou-andre/Data-Analyst-Portfolio/blob/main/Youtube_Channel_Analysis/Youtube-Channel-Analysis.ipynb)
The YouTube Channel Analysis project examines the Formula 1 (F1) official YouTube channel, offering insights into performance, audience engagement, themes, and keywords. It includes plots for views, engagement, and videos per day, as well as distribution of metrics. A wordcloud showcases commonly used keywords, and the relationship between views and engagement is analyzed. Themes are identified using keyword clustering, and keyword analysis helps identify popular videos. This project empowers channel owners and creators with valuable information to optimize content strategy and make informed decisions.
### [Digital Marketing Campaigns Performance Analysis](https://github.com/spyrou-andre/Data-Analyst-Portfolio/blob/main/digital_campaigns_analysis/Digital%20Marketing%20Campaigns%20Performance%20Analysis.ipynb)
The primary objective of this project is to streamline the analysis of digital marketing ads across different platforms through a linear regression model, which evaluates trends in critical performance metrics like ROAS, CPA, and conversion rates. Additionally, the project identifies successful periods where the campaign performed well, and the automation process optimizes report creation, providing vital insights into campaign performance. Furthermore, the methodology's flexibility enables users to adjust the analysis to daily performance for shorter periods, offering greater adaptability. In summary, this approach ensures a comprehensive analysis and informed decision-making process for digital marketing campaigns.
### [Prediction of Gold stock prices using ARIMA](https://github.com/spyrou-andre/Data-Analyst-Portfolio/blob/main/Arima_Automations/Prediction%20of%20Gold%20stock%20prices%20using%20ARIMA.ipynb)
This project aims to develop an automated process for selecting the best ARIMA model to predict future daily stock prices of gold. Six functions were created to simplify the process, including the Augmented Dickey-Fuller (ADF) test to determine stationarity, eight different transformations to make the data stationary, ARIMA model evaluation using key metrics such as AIC, RMSE, MAE, and MSE, grid search to test different p,d,q combinations and select the best, and inversing transformations to calculate the MAE, MSE, and RMSE of predicted versus test data.
### [Housing Prices in Cyprus](https://github.com/spyrou-andre/Data-Analyst-Portfolio/blob/main/Housing-Prices/Housing%20Prices%20Analysis.ipynb) 
I've builded a web scraper to harvest housing prices from a Cypriot website that contains listings from multiple Developer sites across Cyprus. From the web scraper two datasets were created, the first one contains data for House prices and the second one for Apartment prices, both datasets cover listings across all Cypriot districts. The **Analysis Goal** is to investigate and find the average price per property type based on the number of bedrooms and District. 

